CEXT-3302: Adding additional events:metadata:populate info (#224)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/events/commands.md

## Create event metadata in Adobe I/O

The `events:metadata:populate` command creates event metadata based on XML and application configurations. This metadata gets linked to the configured event provider.

Event metadata is automatically created for new event subscriptions when the [`events:subscribe` command](#subscribe-to-an-event) is run and synchronized for events registered in `io_events.xml` files or `config.php` when the `setup:upgrade` command runs. Cases where creating event metadata using the `events:metadata:populate` command would be useful include the following:

*  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since

> *  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance

Reviewer: it's not a recommended way to manually edit `app/etc/config.php` but we can add:

```
You manually edited the events subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`
```

For example, It can happened during local development/testing

Author: Makes sense, added it in

> -  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since this change.
> -  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance.
> -  You manually edited the event subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since this change.
*  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance.
*  You manually edited the event subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`.
```

## Create event metadata in Adobe I/O

The `events:metadata:populate` command creates event metadata based on XML and application configurations. This metadata gets linked to the configured event provider.

Event metadata is automatically created for new event subscriptions when you run the [`events:subscribe` command](#subscribe-to-an-event) and synchronize events registered in `io_events.xml` files or `config.php` when the `setup:upgrade` command runs. In the following situations, we recommend creating event metadata using the `events:metadata:populate` command:

> -  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since this change.
> 
> -  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance.
> 
> -  You manually edited the event subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

-  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since this change.
-  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance.
-  You manually edited the event subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`.
```

## Create event metadata in Adobe I/O

> The `events:metadata:populate` command creates event metadata based on XML and application configurations. This metadata gets linked to the configured event provider.
> 
> Event metadata is automatically created for new event subscriptions when the [`events:subscribe` command](#subscribe-to-an-event) is run and synchronized for events registered in `io_events.xml` files or `config.php` when the `setup:upgrade` command runs. Cases where creating event metadata using the `events:metadata:populate` command would be useful include the following:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `events:metadata:populate` command creates event metadata based on XML and application configurations. This metadata gets linked to the configured event provider.

Event metadata is automatically created for new event subscriptions when you run the [`events:subscribe` command](#subscribe-to-an-event) and synchronize events registered in `io_events.xml` files or `config.php` when the `setup:upgrade` command runs. In the following situations, we recommend creating event metadata using the `events:metadata:populate` command:
```

> *  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since
> 
> *  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance
> 
> *  You manually edited the event subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  You have configured an event provider after an `io_events.xml` file was pushed to your cloud instance and a redeployment has not occurred since this change.

-  You have not run `setup:upgrade` since adding an `io_events.xml` file to your on-premise instance.

-  You manually edited the event subscriptions configuration in `app/etc/config.php`.
```
